README.md, before:

# Cricut_Voron_Logos
This repository contains vector files I have created for the Voron community and for my own Voron builds.

```
I use Git for Windows with VScode to manage this repository.  I also use Git LFS extensions
for the following file types: .pdf; .png; .jpg; .ai; .psd; and  .svg.

Install Git with LFS extensions: https://git-lfs.github.com/

To Download the whole repository do the following: select the "Clone or download button" and
click on "paste to clipboard" button so you can place the URL for the GitHub repository
to the clipboard. Now Open Git Bash.  Change the current working directory to the location
where you want the cloned directory.
Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.
$ git clone https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos.git
Press Enter to create your local clone.
Now open Window explorer to the location of local clone.
```

## This repository can be downloaded as one large zip file from my Google drive at:
## https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ObBLdtOh4RpC3xd324nshPm5AjYbZw27/view?usp=sharing

# Puropse of this repository

The purpose of this repository to share vector files that I have created for my Voron Builds.

---

# For Voron 2.4 Build

# Link for "Voron 2.4 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137795f68f6f90001d7abfd

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_1Color.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 2.4 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/614501c2623cde00018a4fe6

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 2.4 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/614502f434e2330001c7de37

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 2.4 3_Color_Layers":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137b53b0b4942000143ea8c

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_3Color.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For Voron 0.1 Build

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Voron 0.1 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/613569712ecf490001974996

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Combined_Red_Path_300ppi.png?raw=true" />

# Link for "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147bad19e2fcb000119bb71

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron0.1_withOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147bc71d61aad00013c14f6

## Picture of "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron0.1_withOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />

## Picture of "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette and BackPanel":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron0.1_withOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette_and_BackPanel.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For Voron Switch Wire Build

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Voron Switch Wire 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/613bf24c5dddf60001c14fbb

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer.jpg?raw=true" />

# Link for "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147c7da7e75d400012c4684

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />

# Link for "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147c95a2a3d570001fae277

## Picture of "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />

## Picture of "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette and BackPanel":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette_and_BackPanel.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For Voron Plain Logo

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Any Voron Build 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137b8cce6ad93000134232e

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron_Design_Plain_Logo.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For my own Voron 2.4 Build

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Voron 2.4 QueenWithPlainVoronLogo2":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137e15bd254460001dad096

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/QueenWithPlainVoronLogo2.png?raw=true" />

# All Cricut Design Space Files can be found at https://www.pinterest.com/joannmanges/voron_logo_simplified/

Commit message:

Add Voron-Trident Parts Design Logo

README.md, after:

# Cricut_Voron_Logos
This repository contains vector files I have created for the Voron community and for my own Voron builds.

```
I use Git for Windows with VScode to manage this repository.  I also use Git LFS extensions
for the following file types: .pdf; .png; .jpg; .ai; .psd; and  .svg.

Install Git with LFS extensions: https://git-lfs.github.com/

To Download the whole repository do the following: select the "Clone or download button" and
click on "paste to clipboard" button so you can place the URL for the GitHub repository
to the clipboard. Now Open Git Bash.  Change the current working directory to the location
where you want the cloned directory.
Type git clone, and then paste the URL you copied earlier.
$ git clone https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos.git
Press Enter to create your local clone.
Now open Window explorer to the location of local clone.
```

## This repository can be downloaded as one large zip file from my Google Drive at:
## https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ObBLdtOh4RpC3xd324nshPm5AjYbZw27/view?usp=sharing

# Purpose of this repository

The purpose of this repository to share vector files that I have created for my Voron Builds.

---

# For Voron 2.4 Build

# Link for "Voron 2.4 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137795f68f6f90001d7abfd

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_1Color.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 2.4 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/614501c2623cde00018a4fe6

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 2.4 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/614502f434e2330001c7de37

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 2.4 3_Color_Layers":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137b53b0b4942000143ea8c

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron2.4_3Color.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For Voron 0.1 Build

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Voron 0.1 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/613569712ecf490001974996

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Combined_Red_Path_300ppi.png?raw=true" />

# Link for "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147bad19e2fcb000119bb71

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron0.1_withOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />


# Link for "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147bc71d61aad00013c14f6

## Picture of "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron0.1_withOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />

## Picture of "Voron 0.1 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette and BackPanel":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron0.1_withOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette_and_BackPanel.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For Voron Switch Wire Build

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Voron Switch Wire 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/613bf24c5dddf60001c14fbb

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer.jpg?raw=true" />

# Link for "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147c7da7e75d400012c4684

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer_WithOut_Logo_Outline_With_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />

# Link for "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6147c95a2a3d570001fae277

## Picture of "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette.jpg?raw=true" />

## Picture of "Voron Switch Wire 1Color_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOut_Silhouette and BackPanel":
<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Cricut_VoronSW_Logo_RearPanel_1Layer_WithOut_Logo_Outline_WithOUT_Silhouette_and_BackPanel.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For Voron Plain Logo

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Any Voron Build 1_Color_Layer":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137b8cce6ad93000134232e

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron_Design_Plain_Logo.jpg?raw=true" />

---

# For my own Voron 2.4 Build

# Link Cricut Design Space for "Voron 2.4 QueenWithPlainVoronLogo2":
## https://design.cricut.com/landing/project-detail/6137e15bd254460001dad096

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/QueenWithPlainVoronLogo2.png?raw=true" />

# All Cricut Design Space Files can be found at https://www.pinterest.com/joannmanges/voron_logo_simplified/

---

# For my own Voron-Trident Build

<img src="https://github.com/GadgetAngel/Cricut_Voron_Logos/blob/main/images/Voron-Trident_DesignLogo_WithOUTHexOutline2jpg.jpg?raw=true" />
